Release 1.0.0 (#83)
spcl/dace-vscode: README.md

[![](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/rating-short/phschaad.sdfv.svg
)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=phschaad.sdfv)

This Visual Studio Code extension provides a rich editor for
[SDFGs](http://spcl.inf.ethz.ch/Research/DAPP/) with included profiling and
debugging, static analysis, and interactive optimization.

# Features

## SDFG Editor

The SDFG editor allows changing of all editable SDFG properties and elements.
To allow for easier exploration of large graphs, most graph elements can be
collapsed into a smaller, more compact representation. A number of viewing
options, like the hiding of access nodes, can further assist with the editing
of larger graphs.

![sdfg-editor-example](images/sdfg_editor.gif)

Graph elements can be dynamically added and moved around, allowing the creation
of entire SDFGs from scratch.

<!--
![sdfg-editor-adding-elements-example](images/sdfg_adding_elements.gif)
-->

## SDFG Optimization / Transformations

> With the SDFG Editor, data-centric applications can be optimized with a simple,
> click-based, interactive process using transformations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the SDFG Editor, data-centric applications can be optimized interactively using transformations.
```

> - A set of applicable performance optimizing transformations are shown in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A set of applicable performance optimizing transformations is shown in a
```
